# Display Screen Assembly 

With increasing digitization in all areas of our lives, more and more monitors and touchscreens are being used. In addition to smartphone, tablet and TV screens, almost all modern household appliances, including washing machines, dishwashers and refrigerators, are now equipped with displays.

High-end monitors are demanding: they must be comfortable to read, they must be shatterproof, and they must remain legible for the lifetime of the product. This is especially challenging for displays in cars and smartphones or cameras, as they are not expected to turn yellow despite exposure to sunlight and other climatic stressors. Deepmaterial's specially formulated optical adhesive is designed to be optically clear and non-yellowing (LOCA = Liquid Optically Clear Adhesive). They are flexible enough to intercept thermal stress between different substrates and reduce Mura defects. The adhesive exhibits excellent adhesion to ITO-coated glass, PMMA, PET and PC and cures within seconds under UV light. Dual cure adhesives are available which react to atmospheric moisture and cure reliably in shaded areas within the display frame.

To protect the display from external influences such as atmospheric humidity, dust and cleaning agents, Deepmaterial Form-in-Place Gaskets (FIPG) can be used to bond and seal the display and touchscreen simultaneously.

Due to the high aesthetic demands and demands on visually flawless components in LED screens, LCD displays and OLED screens, optically clear adhesives and other components that support display technology are some of the most difficult raw materials to handle, manufacture and assemble. Display technology requires material capabilities and supporting components to enhance screen performance, reduce battery requirements, and optimize end-consumer interaction with electronic display devices. .

As adoption of the Internet of Things (“IoT”) continues, display technology continues to proliferate in most end-consumer applications, now in transportation applications, point-of-care medical devices, home appliances and other white goods, computing equipment, industrial equipment Discovery, medical wearables, and traditional apps like smartphones and tablets.

[Deepmaterial Russia](https://deepmaterialru.com/) were early pioneers in display technology that improved reliability, functionality and performance while reducing power consumption. Our raw material expertise, long-term strategic relationships with the largest innovators in display materials science, and world-class manufacturing in a sophisticated cleanroom environment allow us to help customers reduce design and procurement costs by enabling early innovation in display technology complexity. We are often able to design solutions that combine the desired display vibration enhancement with display stack bonding, thermal management, EMI shielding capabilities, vibration management and module attachment into one delivery assembly within a larger display assembly. Optically clear adhesives and other aesthetically sensitive materials are stored, handled, converted and packaged for assembly in a class 100 cleanroom to ensure visually perfect and contamination-free assem
